feat: Update replication docs (#45825)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/content/guides/database/replication/external-replication-monitoring.mdx

---
id: 'external-replication-monitoring'

> title: 'External Replication Monitoring'

Reviewer: Same here on capitalisation

description: 'Monitor the status and health of your external replication pipelines.'
subtitle: 'Track replication status, view logs, and troubleshoot issues.'
sidebar_label: 'Monitoring'
---

<Admonition type="caution" label="Private Alpha">

External replication is currently in private alpha. Access is limited and features may change.

</Admonition>

After setting up external replication, you can monitor the status and health of your replication pipelines directly from the Supabase Dashboard. The pipeline is the active Postgres replication process that continuously streams changes from your database to your destination.

### Viewing pipeline status

To monitor your replication pipelines:

> 1. Navigate to the [Database](/dashboard/project/_/database/replication) section in your Supabase Dashboard

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to the [**Database > Replication**](/dashboard/project/_/database/replication) section of the Dashboard
```

> 2. Select the **Replication** tab

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 3. You'll see a list of all your destinations with their pipeline status

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. You'll see a list of all your destinations with their pipeline status
```

#### Checking if replication is healthy

> 1. Navigate to [Database](/dashboard/project/_/database/replication) → **Replication**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to the [**Database > Replication**](/dashboard/project/_/database/replication) section of the Dashboard
```

> 2. Verify your destination shows **Running** status

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Verify your destination shows a "Running" status
```

3. Click **View status** to check replication lag and table states

> 4. Ensure all tables show **Live** state

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Ensure all tables show a "Live" state
```

1. Regularly check replication lag metrics in the pipeline status view

> 2. Monitor table states to ensure tables are staying in **Live** state

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Monitor table states to ensure tables are staying in a "Live" state
```
